In computer science, a tree is a widely used abstract data type that represents a hierarchical tree structure with a set of 
connected nodes. Each node in the tree can be connected to many children (depending on the type of tree), but must be 
connected to exactly one parent, except for the root node, which has no parent. These constraints mean there are no cycles or 
"loops" (no node can be its own ancestor), and also that each child can be treated like the root node of its own subtree, 
making recursion a useful technique for tree traversal. In contrast to linear data structures, many trees cannot be 
represented by relationships between neighboring nodes in a single straight line.

Binary trees are a commonly used type, which constrain the number of children for each parent to exactly two. When the order 
of the children is specified, this data structure corresponds to an ordered tree in graph theory. A value or pointer to other 
data may be associated with every node in the tree, or sometimes only with the leaf nodes, which have no children.

The abstract data type can be represented in a number of ways, including a list of parents with pointers to children, a list 
of children with pointers to parents, or a list of nodes and a separate list of parent-child relations (a specific type of 
adjacency list). Representations might also be more complicated, for example using indexes or ancestor lists for performance.

/xpra, abbreviated from X Persistent Remote Applications, is a set of software utilities that run X clients, typically on a remote host, and direct 
their display to the local machine without the X clients closing or losing any state in case the network connection between the local machine and the 
remote host is lost.[2]

Xpra differs from standard X forwarding primarily in allowing disconnection and reconnection without disrupting the forwarded application.[3] It also 
differs from VNC and similar remote display technologies in being rootless, so applications forwarded by Xpra appear on the local desktop as normal 
windows managed by the local window manager, rather than being all "trapped in a box together". Xpra also uses a custom protocol that is self-tuning 
and relatively latency-insensitive, and thus is usable over worse links than standard X.[citat
